Teams docs and logs upate (#33433)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

    - botframework.com
    - microsoftonline.com

## Migration from Cortex XSOAR 6 to Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM.

### Using Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM rerouting

>  - Set the messaging endpoint in the Azure bot to be `https://ext-<CORTEXT-XSOAR-SERVER-ADDRESSS>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`, e.g., `https://ext-my.demisto.live/xsoar/instance/execute/teams`.
>  - Check the **long running instance** parameter in the integration instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the messaging endpoint in the Azure bot to be `https://ext-<CORTEXT-XSOAR-SERVER-ADDRESSS>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`, e.g., `https://ext-my.demisto.live/xsoar/instance/execute/teams`.
2. Check the **long running instance** parameter in the integration instance configuration.
```

>  - Set the **port** paramete, it's under the connect section in the integration instance configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set the **port** parameter. It's under the Connect section in the integration instance configuration.
```

>  - when using the same bot from XSOAR 6 instance, please make sure to remove the bot from the team and to add it back:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. If using the same bot from the XSOAR 6 instance, make sure to remove the bot from the team and to add it back:
```

>    - Go to Microsoft Teams app.
>    - Go to your team, and click on the three dots next to the name
>    - Go to `manage team` -> `apps`.
>    - Find your bot, and click on the three dots in the same row.
>    - choose `remove`.
>    - Add the bot again to the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Go to the Microsoft Teams app.
   b. Go to your team, and click the three dots next to the name.
   c. Go to **manage team** > **apps**.
   d. Find your bot, and click the three dots in the same row.
   e. Click **remove**.
   f. Add the bot to the team.
```
